---
title: "July 13th, 2026"
date: 2026-07-13
excerpt: "First week back in Minneapolis : )" 
---
## What I worked on: 
- Read through the Tate construction: 
    - First section was the Tate Construction for Finite Groups. One of the main arguments here was constructing the norm map 
    $Nm_G: X_{hG} \to X^{hG}$. Where $X_{hG}$ is the homotopy orbits functor and $X^{hG}$ is the homotopy fixed points functor. The construction itself is outlined in *I.1.7* of Nikolaus-Scholze. 
    - The second section was on proving the Tate orbit lemma, which needed many preliminary results. 
    - The third section was showing that the functor $-^{tG}: Sp^{BG} \to Sp$ admits a unique lax symmetric monoidal structure which makes the natural transformation $-^{hG} \to -^{tG}$ lax symmetric monoidal. The proof of this uses Verdier localizations of stable $\infty$-categories. 
- Started to read Chapter 5 in Bruno Martelli's *Introduction to Geometric Topology*: 
    - This section is about the Sphere at Infinity 
    - Started with Limit sets which are defined to be the accumulation(limit) points of the orbit $\Gamma(x)$. Proved two things: 
        - (1) limit sets do not depend on $x$, with the crux of the proof relying on the fact that given two sequences $\{x_n\}, \{y_n\}$ with bounded $d_{\mathbb{H}^n}(x_n, y_n)$ and $x_n \to z$ then $y_n \to z$ as well. 
        - (2)If $\Gamma'$ has finite index in $\Gamma$ then $\Lambda(\Gamma') = \Lambda(\Gamma)$. The main idea behind this proof is that given that we have finite index we can decompose $\Gamma$ into its cosets meaning that the subgroup orbits can be used to write the orbits for $\Gamma$, giving us the result. 
- Studied for Real Analysis qual: countability and separability axioms. 
